Changed relationships implementation (#269)
desmos-labs/desmos: docs/developers/msgs/delete-relationship.md

  "type": "desmos/MsgDeleteRelationship",
  "value": {
    "sender": "<Desmos address that's deleting the relationship>",

>     "counterparty": "<Desmos address that's with which sender want to cut-off the relationship>",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "counterparty": "<Desmos address with which the sender want to cut the relationship>",
```

>     "subspace": "<Subspace of a relationship>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "subspace": "<Subspace of the relationship>"
```

| :-------: | :----: | :-------- |
| `sender`  | String | Desmos address of the user that is deleting the relationship |
| `counterparty`| String | Desmos address of the relationship's counterparty |

> | `subspace`| String | Required string that identifies the app where the user make the relationship |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `subspace`| String | String that identifies the app where for which the relationship was valid |
```
